This is a program based on the programming assignment Darwin's World (https://users.cs.duke.edu/~ola/darwin.html).
In this program, there is a grid populated with creatures. Each creature has
an energy level. If this creature takes a turn with an energy level of 0 or
less, they die and are removed from the board. Creatures also have a set of
instructions. Instructions can either be an action instruction that changes
the board/creature state, or a control instruction that modifies which
instruction the creature will perform. Creatures can perform many control
instructions in a turn, but only 1 action instruction per turn.
Board positions are modular, meaning that moving off on edge of the board
places the creature on the opposite edge of the board. Many instructions also
treat their arguments modularly. For example, if there is the instruction
GOTO 10, meaning go to line 10 of the instruction set, but the creature only
has 10 instructions (lines 0-9), then the instruction goes to line 10 % 10, or
line 0.
All instruction ranges are incusive beginning and exclusive end. For example,
instructions from lines 2 to 5 would consist of lines 2, 3 and 4.

Actions:
	MOVE		- Lose 1 energy and move the creature forward.
	TURN_LEFT	- Lose 1 energy and turn the creature 90 degrees counter
				  clockwise.
	TURN_RIGHT	- Lose 1 energy and turn the creature 90 degrees clockwise.
	GROW		- Gain 1 energy. There is a small chance of mutating a random 
				  instruction.
	EAT			- If there is a creature in front of this creature, take at most
				  100 energy from that creature. If there is no creature, lose
				  1 energy.
	GIVE		- Lose 1 energy. If there is a creature in front of this
				  creature, give that creature 1 energy.
	BIRTH X Y Z	- Lose Z energy. If the space in front of this creature is
				  empty, create another creature with Z energy and a copy of
				  this creature's instruction set from lines X to Y.
	INJECT X Y Z- Lose 1 energy. If there is a creature in front of this
				  creature, insert a copy of this creature's instruction set
				  from lines X to Y into line Z of the that creature.
	DELETE X Y	- Lose 1 energy. Delete lines X to Y from this creature's
				  instruction set.
	MUTATE		- Lose 1 energy. If there is a creature in front of this
				  creature, mutate a random instruction from that creature
				  (change the instruction into another random instruction with
				  random arguments).

Controls:
	GOTO X		- Go to (and perform) line X of this creature's instruction
				  set.
	IF_RAND		- Randomly go to either line X or the next line.
	IF_FRONT	- If there is a creature in front of this creature, go to line
				  X. Otherwise, go to the next line.
	IF_PROBE X Y Z	- If there is a creature in front of this creature, and
					  the instruction at line X of that creature's instruction
					  set matches given instruction Y, then go to line Z.
					  Otherwise, go to the next line.

To run the program in terminal use the following command:

	make run

You will be requested the dimensions of the board, how many turns will be
simulated, and after how many turns the simulation will save the state of the
board and creatures. The board and creature statistics will be saved to the
folder creatureStats. A sample file called sampleTurn100000 shows a board and
creatures on a 100x100 board after 100000 turns.
